[docs] Add note about YCQL requiring Yugabyte-specific client drivers (#13772)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/reference/drivers/ycql-client-drivers.md

For tutorials on building a sample application with the following client drivers, click the relevant link included below for each driver.

> Note that for YCQL you have to use the Yugabyte-specific client drivers, otherwise you can run into `NotSupportedError: Unknown data type code 0x0080. Have to skip entire result set.` errors.

Reviewer: this issue is not with most of the datatypes, I guess it is only with JSONB type, it is good to specify it clearly.

Reviewer 2: Yes, for the JSONB datatype the original `cassandra` driver does not support select query. But it is supported in `yb-cassandra-driver`. @def- and I were discussing about it a few days ago and we had to remove the existing installation of the original `cassandra` driver and install the `yb-cassandra-driver` again to get rid of this issue.

Author: As discussed with Oleg, there are also other differences, can be slower or work incorrectly. Jsonb might just be the most obvious failure. So I think we should keep the recommendation general.

> Note that for YCQL you have to use the Yugabyte-specific client drivers, otherwise you can run into `NotSupportedError: Unknown data type code 0x0080. Have to skip entire result set.` errors.

Reviewer 3: Let's make this more generic and more prominent. How's this?
```suggestion
{{< note title="Use YugabyteDB client drivers" >}}
You should always use the YugabyteDB YCQL client drivers. Using generic Cassandra drivers can lead to errors and performance issues.
{{< /note >}}
```
